I would like to start by expressing my gratitude towards all of you.
I wanna say thankyou becoz I know I lack some technical skill but still you choose to give me an opportunity
for this interview.
I would like to start by saying that I am not a quick learner but what defines me is I am a very stubborn 
and persistent learner i.e. I wont stop until I understand what I want to understand.... and thats my way
of learning.
You must have seen my cv but I would like to  show you what is not written in the cv , can I share screen,

show github link


I'll give u an example: 
I have many frinds who work in the computer industry, they are developers, qa, system admins, designers etc
they sometimes call me at the weekend and tell me that they are bored on the two days that they call holiday
on that sense I can say that I am having a long holiday..  but still I am as bored as they are, I think that
is because I must be enjoying doing sth at home that is enjoyable to me. now let me tell u what I have been
doing, learning....

if you do not know the answer of any questions asked ... give an example
-for example I may not be able to ans all the ques but what I WILL do is I will learn it from 
 the very  day, which I am going to do this time too 
specific example
-what I want to say by this is:  
    -most of the company wants a candidate with readymade technical skills what I wanted to tell them as
    well as u is I have the attitude to learn those technical skills coz I think that attitude is
    harder to implement as compared to learning technical skills.
        -coz technology is ever changing but if you have the right attitude then I guess learning the  
        the changing technology is not a bid deal.!!

-kubernetes and nginx not in the cv because I had not learned it by that time but now I know the basics
    in just about a weeks time

any questions?? at last then
-I am an ambitious person and till now you must have guessed that I love automation, so I want to ask  
    -like if I want to work on topics that intrigues me, will I get the time or maybe guidance to work on it?
    -or will I get the platform to show my work?, if completed? ... I would like to know if there exists 
    any facilities realated to this topic??
    
 

I did this and learned a lot of other stuffs (that i cannot explain in one interview)with the help of a
 laptop and internet.
Now if I get a platform to work like in your company then I guess I can push myself even more  

salary stuffs
-if u want a straight forward answer than I used to work for 40K monthly, that is my expected salary
-but what I would like to suggest is: your company may have a range, for eg 30 to 50 then i would like 
    u to give me 30, I want u to look at my performance and then in maybe about a month u will know me 
    better about how I work, how hard I work...  and on the basis of that I would really like you to
    reconsider my salary, incentive etc

Obviusly you have my CV now let me xplain what is not written in the CV
Completly honest,
about a year ago , I resigned from work , it was my second office. and since then
I have not worked or signed a contract for about a year. let me explain y?
Why leave previous company?
becoz I felt  : “Lack of enough learning opportunities” or professional growth!!
 turns out I was right. how? because I found out(system admin skills on internet) after resigning from previous companies I lacked a lot of skills and decided to work on it. (skills like loadbalancing, apache, nginx etc)

 I decided not to apply for jobs straight away but develop some skills and thats how I found that sys admin is slowly being depricated and devops has been and will be the next big thing in operations. 

and this is how I started ....talk about basic python...and slowly got interested in data science libraries like numpy, pandas, matplotlib, i discovered  selenium(web driver, gecko driver), writing a script to scrape web and ring data, tried to learn little  data structures, linked list, circular list, and even tried basic back end framework, django(MVC) how without touching the database it used to write on it using model.  

This was the time that I formatted ubuntu and installed Arch.. and learned about the imp of git coz all my codes were gone. 
shlowly I shift my focus to git bcoz I figured version control is not just to store but to collaborate , thats y i started using git (git init, clone, add, commit, push, merge, stash etc
CI/CD tool :there were many but Open Source is the best that s y Jenkins(ci cd pipeline, if possible show jenkinsfile)
deployment tool: Docker(dockerfile, docker-compose, show file)
 
 there were days when i spend just by trouble shooting for exaple arch with dual monitors, arch wiki, configuring nvidia driver for hdmi to vga controller, optirun, bumblebee in arch wiki, installing docs specified 3rd party nvidia driver and what not 
lightweight=> ubuntu and arch  

Why m telling all these things more specifically about the last year is because i wanted to make two things clear
no. 1 is:
No platform, no incentive, no guidance etc etc what you get in a company... for a year but still I managed to learned all these things by my own, now i think if i get all thise things, maybe i can push myself a little more  
no 2:
My mistake!!
explain...how u  forgot (doing one thing for a month and shifting....)!!!
Bt does not matter ... the main point is m studying it again whether its python or git which  i think shows persisence and learn from mistake(not repeat the mistake of completely leaving) and i guess that shows my mentality , how i approach to setbacks 

to conclude:
i kno i still lack a lot of things but wht i do not lack is the mental attitude to learn and that is the most imp thing that i’ve learned from last year.
and i think I can say that
"i learned the most in one year than the past 2 previous years combined"

end

What was my approach to learning a new topic?
All these things i learned by visiting sites like quora, reddit. Finding out how people approached it and then try it myself, trying out locally, troubleshooting, stack overflow etc


extra: 
About ur hobby, technology enthusiast, read books to grow as a person everyday
Trying to learn Kubernetes 
Guru99, Geekforgeek, medium, python docs, docker docs etc
Chrome and youtube history

why logpoint?
top 3 company,  best SIEM solution provider
personally, I just want to learn from the people who have a lot more experience than me and discover other aspects of this technology field


